This
Who are you and what are you doing?
Shut up!
I advise you to put down your butcher knife
Become a Buddha on the spot
Otherwise you will kill yourself
old man
Your realm is really high
Your realm is so high, don't you still fall into my hands?
Humph
Ye Wushuang's life experience is the clearest
Do you think he will survive?
He should have died 20 years ago
He won't die for a day.
The four major families don't do it for a day
I want to see the head of the four major families
Is it you who can see me when I lick the bag head?
You stay honest with me and wait until I pack up the unparalleled
Pack you up
Hey, by the way, do you know who this person is?
He is a business unparalleled fiancee
I see you are bored alone
I found a beautiful woman to accompany you
You bastard, what would you do in business?
He won't let you go.
You stay with me
Or I will die
Hahahaha
Do you think you are a competitor to business owners?